README: (#1877)
getAlby/lightning-browser-extension: doc/SETUP.md

## 🚀 Quick Start

- Install dependencies\
  `$ yarn install`

### 💻 Load extension into browser

- Start development build, which will automatically watch for file changes:

  - Chrome\
    `$ yarn run dev:chrome`
  - Firefox\
    `$ yarn run dev:firefox`
  - Opera\
     `$ yarn run dev:opera`

>     **NOTE:** by default, the extension built this way will talk to the development regtest API. In case you want to do manual tests against the production API, add the following `WALLET_CREATE_URL` environment variable to your command: `$ WALLET_CREATE_URL="https://getalby.com/api/users" yarn run dev:your-browser-of-choice`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE:** by default, the extension built this way will talk to the testnet API (which runs under [app.regtest.getalby.com](https://app.regtest.getalby.com/user)). In case you want to do manual tests against the mainnet API, add the following `WALLET_CREATE_URL` environment variable to your command: `$ WALLET_CREATE_URL="https://getalby.com/api/users" yarn run dev:your-browser-of-choice`
```

>     **NOTE:** by default, the extension built this way will talk to the development regtest API. In case you want to do manual tests against the production API, add the following `WALLET_CREATE_URL` environment variable to your command: `$ WALLET_CREATE_URL="https://getalby.com/api/users" yarn run dev:your-browser-of-choice`

Reviewer 2: You wanna add an empty line here to separate it form the "opera" entry?
<img width="948" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1016218/207873743-48c1f454-3520-40fb-988c-1b99ffa27016.png">

Author: thanks for spotting this. fixed here: https://github.com/getAlby/lightning-browser-extension/pull/1877#discussion_r1049653540
